Software License Agreement

Creator is willing to authorize the Licensee to access the Software
associated with this Software License Agreement (“Agreement”) only
upon the condition that the Licensee agrees and accepts that this
Agreement governs the use of the Software by the Licensee.  By
accepting this Agreement or installing or using the Software, the
Licensee indicates its acceptance of this Agreement and to comply with
the license terms that apply to the Software that the Licensee wishes
to use, download and/or access.  If the Licensee is not willing to be
bound by this Agreement, do not accept this Agreement and do not
download or access the Software.

Preliminary Definitions

"Creator/s" or “Licensor” refers to the University of Murcia, the
entity that holds the rights to the Software.

"Licensee" or “You” or “Your” refers to the individual(s) or
entity(ies) that are being granted the right to use the Software.

"Software" refers to the UMU Mitigation Manager (MM), including any
associated media, printed materials, and online or electronic
documentation.

"Modification" refers to any change, alteration, or adaptation made to
the Software.

1. Permitted Use and Restrictions

Permission is granted to the Licensee to use, execute, and display the
Software, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
herein.  In particular, the Creator grants You a non-exclusive,
non-transferable and non-sublicensable limited license to use the
Software, subject to the restrictions stated in this Agreement, only
for the purpose of using the Software internally and for
non-commercial purposes only.

Therefore, Licensee shall not use the Software for any commercial
exploitation or use, including but not limited to resale,
distribution, or offering the Software as a service to third parties.
Furthermore, Licensee shall not modify, adapt, translate, reverse
engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based on
the Software without the prior written consent of Licensor, in
accordance with this Agreement.

The Software may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed
in this Agreement for other purposes (for example, licensed under an
open source license), is provided solely for reference purposes
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and may not be modified.

All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by the
Licensor.  If You want to use the Software for any purpose other than
as expressly permitted under this Agreement, You must obtain from the
Licensor a valid Software license under a separate agreement
permitting such use, in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth herein.

2. Modification and Commercialization

The Licensee may not modify or commercialize the Software without the
explicit approval of the Creators.  All requests for modification or
commercialization must be submitted in writing to the Creators in
accordance with this Agreement and are subject to their sole and
entire discretion.

Any modification made to the source code of the Software must be
approved in writing by the Creators prior to implementation.  This
approval is at the sole discretion of the Creators and may include
additional terms and conditions.

Modifications made to the source code of the Software must be shared
with the Creators.  Upon sharing, the Creators shall have the right to
use, modify, and distribute these modifications under the same terms
as the original Software, this is without limitation.

In any case, You acknowledge that the Software may not be intended for
production use and/or the Licensor may not make a version of the
Software available for production or other purposes; any development
or other work You undertake with the Software is at Your sole risk.

3. Procedure for Seeking Approval for Modifications

To seek approval for modifications or commercial use of the Software,
the Licensee must submit a request detailing the nature and scope of
the intended modifications or commercial usage.  The request should
include a comprehensive description of the proposed changes or
commercial application, the intended purpose, and any potential
impacts on the Software's functionality or distribution.  The request
must be sent via email to skarmeta@um.es, where it will be reviewed by
the Software's Creators or designated representatives.  The Licensee
must provide all necessary contact information to ensure effective
communication.  Approval requests will be evaluated based on their
adherence to the terms of this Agreement and the potential impact on
the Software and its community, at Licensor’s entire discretion.  A
response to the approval request will be provided within a reasonable
timeframe, as determined by the Creators.  The decision to grant or
deny approval lies solely with the Creators, and their decision is
final.  The Licensee must adhere strictly to any conditions or
limitations set forth in the approval, should it be granted.

4. Attribution

Any distribution of the Software, whether in its original form or as
modified, must include clear attribution to the original Creators, the
University of Murcia.  This attribution must be visible in any
distributed copies and must not be misrepresented.

5. Warranty Disclaimer

This Software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
express or implied.  The Creators assume no liability for any
consequences arising from the use of this Software, whether for
commercial or non-commercial purposes and, therefore, the Licensor
disclaims all warranties, express and implied, including without
limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, or noninfringement.

In no event will the Licensor be liable for any indirect, incidental,
special, punitive or consequential damages, or damages for loss of
profits, revenue, data or data use, incurred by You or any third
party, whether in an action in contract or tort, even if the Licensor
has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

6. Audit

The Licensor may audit Your use of the Software.  In particular, the
Licensor reserves the right, upon reasonable prior notice and during
normal business hours, to audit Licensee’s use of the Software to
ensure compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  Any such audit
shall be conducted in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere
with Licensee’s business operations.  If an audit reveals unauthorized
use of the Software, Licensee agrees to take any necessary corrective
actions as directed by Licensor, in addition to any other remedy or
right set forth in this Agreement.

7. Termination

You may terminate this Agreement by destroying all copies of the
Software.  This Agreement shall automatically terminate without notice
if You fail to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement, in
which case You shall promptly destroy all copies of the Software.

In any case, the Licensor may terminate this Agreement and the license
of the Software at any time for any reason with ten (10) days prior
written notice.

8. Relationship between the parties

The parties of this Agreement are independent contractors, and nothing
in this Agreement or any other document subscribed between the parties
will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales
representative, or employment relationship between the parties.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit either party's
right to independently develop or distribute software that is
functionally similar to the other party's products, so long as
proprietary information of the other party is not included in such
software.

9. Entire agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in
relation to the subject-matter hereof and supersedes all other
agreements, arrangements and understandings, written or oral,
concerning such subject matter between the parties.

10. Governing law and jurisdiction

This Agreement and Your access to, and/or use of the Software shall be
governed by and construed exclusively in accordance with the laws of
Spain, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule.

Any and all dispute, controversy, issue or claim arising out of the
performance or interpretation of the Agreement, or related, directly
or indirectly, to the use of the Software shall be settled by the
Courts of the city of Murcia (Spain).
